Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[organ music]
[Azrael] In heaven. love
comes easy. and never goes.
I should know.
But on Earth.
we all know that learning to
love one another is difficult.
and much more complicated
than it should be.
In New York City. under
those bright lights.
there are eight million people.
each with their own love story.
So let me take
you out to Queens.
'cause this one's personal.
and it happens to
be my favorite.
♪ She's like the wind ♪
♪ She'll spin you 'round ♪
♪ Kicks up the dust. ♪
strolls through town ♪
♪ I remember these
all-time memories ♪
♪ Summertime in the city ♪
♪ Said who ♪
♪ Oh. hey ♪
♪ That's the way she does it ♪
♪ You better get out
of her way next time ♪
♪ She's like the race
you thought you won ♪
♪ She's like the cold.
she'll keep you numb ♪
♪ I remember these
all-time memories ♪
♪ Running into the ocean ♪
♪ I said who ♪
♪ Oh. hey ♪
♪ That's the way she does it ♪
♪ You better get out
of her way next time ♪
[Woman] If you tickle
my feet. I'll kill you.
You'll kill me?
- Yeah. in cold blood.
- Oh my God. so violent.
- Vinny.
- Yeah?
- There's a line.
- A line?
And we don't cross that line.
Okay.
- Okay.
- Okay. buddy.
- Okay. I'll stop.
Can I cross this line?
- Maybe.
- Okay.
What about that line?
- Another maybe.
- Another maybe?
Okay.
What about this line right here?
- Possibly.
- Possibly. okay.
What about this line?
Sure.
[phone buzzes]
Shit.
- Just leave it.
- Vinny. stop.
Just leave it.
- Just leave it.
It's Jenny.
- it could be important.
- Oh my God.
Where are you calling from?
[Gabby] Okay. don't hate
me. but I got caught up.
Gabby. you promised.
I know. we can decorate
the tree tomorrow.
[Jennifer]
Is he there with you?
Hmm?
[Jennifer] Is he there with you?
Listen. Jenny. I
just had to study.
and Vinny's helping.
Vinny doesn't study.
he's a high school dropout
who can barely read.
[Gabby] Is there a point?
[Jennifer] Yes. I made Christmas
cookies and eggnog.
I know you'd like that.
[Gabby] Listen. I can't
always be there.
Just let me breathe.
Decorate without me.
It's not a big deal.
You promised me
that when my mom died
that you'd be there
for me. no matter what.
You can't always do that.
One bad thing goes
wrong in your life
and your go-to is your mother.
You know. I was there. I know.
And I'm always there for you.
I don't wanna argue with you.
not about that stupid tree.
It's not stupid!
You act like we're dating.
And just to make it
clear. we're not.
so get a life.
Don't ever call me
again. Gabby. I mean it.
Our friendship is over. done.
You're dead to me.
[phone beeps]
[dial tone]
You good?
No!
I'm just sick of Jenny treating
me like I belong to her.
You don't.
You're mine.
She doesn't get to
know you like I do.
Let's just do it already.
Okay.
But be gentle.
You can trust me.
[footsteps on stairs]
[shouting in Spanish]
You're gonna be okay.
His heart just stopped.
[Jennifer] Excuse me.
It's a lot different than
the world of finance. huh?
I'm sorry. I'll
get the hang of it.
It doesn't get any easier.
His owner should've
been here to say goodbye.
You'd be surprised at how
many owners can't handle it.
Chance had a life
filled with love.
Years ago. around Christmas.
my father passed away.
and I wasn't there
for his final moments.
My best friend died
when I was younger.
and I feared she was alone. too.
I'm sorry.
I loved them so much.
and I always wonder
if they knew that
when they went.
and just seeing Chance there.
I know.
Jennifer. just go home.
I think we're done for the day.
[Jennifer] No. no.
no. no. I'm okay.
- Go.
- I'll get used to it.
Get out of here.
Are you sure?
- Yeah. I got it.
- Okay.
Thank you.
Hey. on my way home.
Can we do dinner with your
parents another night?
[Woman] I'll have some
more martini. darling.
Thank you. dear.
Okay. you can do this.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Okay. okay.
Okay.
Your parents are here.
So what?
- I'm serious. babe.
- I love you.
I love you. too. babe.
After dinner. okay. okay?
Let's go.
Jennifer. come.
- Thank you. dear.
- How are you?
Mr. Wilks?
You're going to
die when you see
the flower arrangements
I've chosen.
Okay.
We have red roses.
amaryllis. tulips.
Hypericum berries.
and cinnamon sticks
as centerpieces.
Cinnamon sticks.
Jeremy. come. have the decency
to wait for everyone else.
Now. the good news is.
we've got the date.
Christmas Eve.
And. good news for you.
a client of Jeremy's
got you an appointment
with Vera Wang
next Thursday to
choose your dress.
You knew about this?
Listen. honey. you
have to trust me on this.
A Christmas wedding
will be perfect.
something no one would expect.
This is all very red.
I'm spending a lot of
time on these details
since you can't seem to
cope with making decisions.
and it's not about
a lack of time
because you've
started a new career.
- Mom. leave her
career out of this.
- What?
I'm not questioning why
she quit Goldman Sachs
to groom animals.
I'm just trying to choose
flower arrangements here.
Alison.
Dad. can you pass the
broccolini. please.
Sure. son.
Jennifer. I only want
the best for you and David.
Maybe it's the whole
Christmas wedding thing.
It's a lot for me.
The thought of it
just reminds me
I did not get to spend a lot
of Christmases with my family.
and this is just...
I'm sorry.
Jennifer. I'm sorry
your family's gone.
but I'm trying to throw
the wedding of the century
for you and David. and
with only five months.
Yeah. well. it
just seems to be
more about you than us.
No. now. see. that's
where you're wrong.
You only get married once.
and it has to be special.
Isn't that right. Jeremy?
Absolutely.
Maybe special
can mean something
a little bit more intimate.
[Alison chuckles]
David is the heir
to a Fortune 500 company.
There is nothing
intimate about that.
Honey. the broccolini.
[Alison] Now. you were saying?
Nothing.
Good.
Excuse me.
[David sighs]
[David] Jenn.
where are you going?
I'm going for a run.
I need some fresh air.
[David] You can't
just leave like that.
[Jennifer] I can't?
Jennifer. come on.
Why is it that
every time your mother
comes around. you just sit
and behave like a little boy?
She's my mother.
[Jennifer] Well. it'd be nice if
you'd just defend me for once.
I do defend you. I'm also
not gauging for a fight.
[Jennifer] I'm
not fighting. David.
[David] Jennifer.
be reasonable.
Honestly. David. who has
a wedding on Christmas Eve?
It is absurd. it is selfish.
it's not even us.
I know.
I would be more than happy
to go down to City Hall
and have something small
on any other date.
Yes. but--
[Alison] Is
everything all right?
Yes. Mother.
- give us a minute.
- Jennifer. did I upset you?
Mom!
A minute.
Jennifer. come on.
Babe. I love you so much.
but this is too much for me.
♪ Slow day ♪
[tires screech]
Oh my God!
[clanging]
[biker groans]
Sir. sir. sir. are you okay?
- Yeah.
- He came outta nowhere!
You saw that. right. he did.
[Jennifer] Sir. sir. sir.
don't move. Let me call 911.
No. no. no. no. no.
please. don't. I'm fine.
- Are you sure?
- Yes. I'm fine.
Yeah. he said he's sure.
he's fine. don't call the cops.
- What. I'm just saying.
- Anyway. let me just help you.
- Is this Azrael Gabison?
- Are you cool? I'm gonna go.
Don't you know not to touch
other people's belongings?
Sorry. I'm just trying to help.
- Sir. can you go get
your insurance card?
- What for? He just--
- He said he's fine!
- Sir. please. just go
and get your insurance card!
Okay.
God. can I help
you pick up anything?
- [Azrael] No. no. no.
- [Jennifer] Is this your pen?
[Azrael] I'm okay. thank you.
Fuck that.
- Hey!
- Sorry!
- Did you get his license plate?
- It's a stolen car.
That's why he ran.
Don't worry about him.
What? But we need
to call the police!
No. we don't. I'm fine.
Seriously. what if
you have a concussion?
I don't have a concussion.
Yeah. but that's
what everyone says
until they realize they
had a concussion.
God. help me.
okay. I gotta go.
What. please.
please. please. please.
Let me just walk with
you for a little bit.
I just wanna make
sure you're okay.
Okay. sure. if you must.
Does anything hurt?
No. I'm fine. thank you.
You sure?
Yes.
You're not even
dirty. that's amazing.
Yeah. girl. I'm good.
I'm gifted.
- It's pretty ironic.
- What is?
They make such a big deal
about texting and driving.
No one mentions
texting and biking.
I wasn't texting.
[Jennifer] All accidents
are caused by texting.
Girl. accidents can
happen for any reason
at any time anywhere.
To anyone.
[chuckling]
So it's...
kinda late for
you to be
running around
these streets alone.
Yeah. I just needed
to get some fresh air.
What's wrong?
My soon-to-be in-laws
are in town. and yeah.
How soon?
Months. maybe Christmas Eve.
That's exciting.
Everybody loves a
Christmas wedding.
- Do you wanna talk about it?
- Nope.
Girl. come on. let it all out.
I don't know you.
you don't know me.
No judgment here.
Okay.
David. my fiancé. I love him.
and I look forward
to marrying him.
Okay. so what's the issue?
A Christmas wedding?
Used to be my favorite holiday.
Decorating. baking cookies.
especially the tree.
To make a long story short.
my mother passed when I was 15.
Then it was just me and my dad.
And then me and my best friend
got into a horrible
fight around Christmas
and never spoke
again because of me.
My dad passed and...
I just have a really
hard time around Christmas.
You know. they never tell you
that when your parents die.
a part of you dies
alongside with them.
Hey. you're still living.
and when I say living.
I mean living living.
Look at you. girl. come on.
And. I mean. you gotta trust
that they're all still here.
watching over you. you know?
Yeah. but David's mom
has made it very clear that.
with my dad being
gone and their paying.
that I have no say.
[Azrael] Because
they're rich and bossy.
See. I knew you'd understand.
[Azrael chuckles]
Can I be honest with you?
No.
Okay. maybe.
You shouldn't underestimate
the power of love
around Christmas.
It's magical.
Did you have a love
around Christmas?
[chuckles] It's complicated.
Okay.
Look...
You need to look
around you. really look.
and you'll see
that life is full of
moments of happiness
and signs of hope.
I mean. your kindness
to me proves that.
And when you wake up tomorrow--
- Oh. gosh. tomorrow--
- Can I finish. please?
Sorry.
When you wake up tomorrow.
if you look around.
you really look.
you will see endless
possibilities
and the answers to your
questions. I promise you.
Okay.
Oh. this is me.
Which way are you going?
I'll be fine.
All right. maybe you
don't have a concussion.
but I do recommend that
you still go see a doctor.
And I recommend
you get some rest.
And I recommend that you
- stop texting and biking.
- [both chuckle]
[Azrael] When
you wake up tomorrow.
if you look around.
you really look.
you will see endless
possibilities
and the answers
to your questions.
David. please. David. stop!
Please. David.
You're still in bed?
Jenny. come on!
Get ready!
Smudge needs to go out.
It's your turn.
There you go. cutie.
Mommy's gonna take you
out to do your business.
Hurry. hurry. we've got a
meeting with Father Kelly.
Jenny.
Gabby?
What?
No more tequila for you.
Come on.
Get out. come on!
Here.
Now. walk the dog.
I did it all day yesterday.
[dog pants]
I still have to do my makeup.
[siren wails]
[Azrael] Oh. I'm sorry. she
doesn't listen. come here!
You!
You.
Do you remember me?
Yes.
[Jennifer] Okay.
and what is my name?
- Jennifer.
- Oh. thank God.
Okay. okay. so this is scary.
I don't know how I got here.
This is my old neighborhood.
and I just woke up
next to my best friend
who I know is dead!
I will explain.
but. right now.
yes. this is your home.
No. no. you don't understand.
I live in Manhattan.
You know that tall.
beautiful building
that we walked in
front of last night?
Yes. you got hit by a car!
Yeah. I'm sorry. darling.
but you don't live there.
Okay. I don't know
what you're saying.
but I am going to
scream in a minute.
- okay?
- Okay. okay.
You wanna go back there?
I'm warning you. things
will be different.
Okay. whatever. okay.
just get me an Uber. a Lyft.
I don't have my wallet.
I don't even have my
phone. okay. and they--
Okay. girl. you need
to chill. all right?
Just close your eyes.
Excuse me?
You wanna get
outta here. right?
Go ahead. you can trust me.
[snaps]
Uh. wait. what?
How did you do that?
Now. don't be startled
by what you see.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
[knocking]
Honey. didn't I
tell you not to open
the door to strangers?
- Yes. Daddy.
- Daddy?
Go help your mom
with your brother.
Sorry about that.
Can I help you?
Whose child is that?
Excuse me?
David. what's going on?
I don't know how
the doorman let you in
or what you think you're up to.
but I have kids inside.
and if you don't leave now.
- I'm gonna call the police.
- Call the police?!
- That's ridiculous.
- David. is everything okay?
Hi. I'm sorry. do I know you?
- [baby cooing]
- [Jennifer] I...um...
Wrong apartment.
What the fuck was that?
I'll explain everything.
If that was a dream.
I'm ready. wake me up!
Okay. close your eyes.
Stop telling me what to do!
Damn. girl. okay.
[snaps]
I said I wanna wake up!
Okay. you need to calm down
if you want me to explain.
I am calm!
Okay.
My name is Azrael Gabison.
and I'm your guardian angel.
[scoffs] An angel?
[Azrael] Yes. hence
the name Azrael.
Biblical origin.
meaning destruction--
Okay. yeah. so this
definitely is a dream.
[Azrael] Where are you going?
Away from you. this.
[Azrael] You said that
accident should have killed me.
yet I walked away
without a scratch.
I assure you.
this is not a dream.
Actually. you. Jennifer Ortiz.
are in an alternate world.
And here you are happily
engaged to be married to--
- I know. David.
- No!
Your true first love.
Gabrielle Vernaci.
What?
Gabrielle died over 20
years ago. so try again.
Well. here in this
alternate world.
her and others are alive.
I don't know what
you're talking about it.
but fix this.
I will. but I can't right now.
Look. you went for
a run last night
to clear your mind.
looking for answers
to unresolved questions.
Yeah. you know what. okay--
And I was thrown.
quite literally.
into your path to help
you find your way.
Okay. I was emotional and
shared too much with a stranger.
My mistake.
Jennifer. you've
been running away
from yourself all these years.
and it led you to me.
And now I've brought you here to
this place to really look around
and see what could have been.
Been?
- How. what. what?
- You're telling me this
doesn't look familiar to you?
Yeah. I grew up here. so?
You have 48 hours.
Take the time. be
present. embrace it all.
I get engaged but.
like. to Gabrielle?
I know.
Parts of you know. too.
so your heart should
always remain open.
You have until the
end of Christmas.
- What?
- Good luck.
Okay. but you can't
just leave me here.
But where do I start?
[Young Jennifer]
Yes. I made
Christmas cookies and eggnog.
I know you'd like that.
[man] Jennifer. Jennifer.
Jennifer!
Jennifer. ahi estas.
Gabriella. te esta llamando.
You're late.
You're just gonna stand there?
Tenemos que irnos. mi hia.
Papi?
All right. first give
your papi un abrazo grande.
My papi is alive.
Papi. I've missed you so much.
I missed you. too. carina.
Look how good you look.
Y mami?
Why would you say that?
I love you.
I'm just so happy just to--
Okay. okay. vamos.
I'll drive you home.
[Jennifer] Back to Manhattan?
You win the Lotto? [chuckles]
I don't have my keys.
Thank you.
All right. see you
in a little bit.
[pop ballad plays]
♪ Memories ♪
♪ A picture in a
frame together ♪
♪ Memories ♪
♪ What we could feel
inside forever ♪
♪ Memories ♪
♪ We live only together ♪
♪ See your eyes and I'm
right back to center ♪
♪ Memories ♪
[song ends]
[woman singing "Silent Night"]
♪ Oh. night ♪
♪ Divine ♪
♪ Oh. night divine ♪
♪ Fall ♪
♪ On your knees ♪
♪ Oh. hear ♪
♪ The angel voices ♪
[youthful giggling]
- Say it. Say it!
- ["Silent Night" continues]
Okay. okay. okay.
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Night ♪
♪ Night divine ♪
[clapping]
Um. hi.
Let's take five.
Just go over this one section.
and I'll be right with you.
[girls laughing]
-[Young Jenny] Say it.
-[Young Gabby] Wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. okay. okay.
You are the queen and
I am your peasant.
What's with you?
You knew how
important that meeting
with Father Kelly was.
Oh. yeah. what was
the meeting about again?
Don't do that.
[Jennifer] Sorry.
He said he'd stay
and wait for you.
Oh. well. yeah.
that's good. good.
Did you feed Smudge?
Who?
Oh. the dog. yes. yes.
yes. yes. I fed her.
Did he go number two?
Yes. yes. yes.
he did take a shit.
Jennifer!
Come here.
I know you're nervous.
You seem distracted.
Are you having jitters?
I'll meet you at
the rectory in ten.
We're almost done here.
Jennifer.
[Jennifer] That way.
Ah. you remember this picture?
My favorite.
I was only here for two weeks.
You were like a
little jumping bean.
No one could calm you
down. not even Gabby.
Such a restless little girl.
My favorite.
You still seem restless.
[Gabby] Ready when
you are. Father.
Okay. everyone have a seat.
Now. what is the big rush?
Well. last week your
sermon and gospel reading
really spoke to us.
Good.
[Gabby] Not in a good way.
Oh.
Right. Jenny?
Right.
You know. the word
of God influences
people in many different
ways. don't you think?
I do. Father. as you know.
Jenny and I have
decided to get married.
and. a few months
ago. we all spoke
about our history
here at the church
and wanting you to marry us.
and I know you said.
because of the Church's
stance on same sex marriage.
that the best you
could do is support us.
That's correct.
But the Supreme
Court ruled. Father.
and Pope Francis
welcomes all. and he
expects priests
like you to usher
parishes into modern times.
Yes. but...
the author
of marriage is God.
not society. not government.
not man. not your priest.
With all due respect. Father.
there are other churches
in New York City
that are officiating
same sex marriages.
Do you think maybe one of those
- would be better suited to you?
- No!
We were baptized in this church.
We had our communions.
our confirmations here.
I lead your choir.
We wanna get married
in this church.
We have a legacy here.
And we feel welcome.
but not equal.
This is a difficult question
for the Catholic Church.
and it's been more--
How many years have
you been a priest here?
- Twenty-three.
- I know.
Do you remember my senior
year of high school?
I came to you and confessed
about being sexually active.
and you said that
we're all human
and that it'll be okay
because. you said.
even the best of us have sinned.
And yet.
months later. I found out
I was pregnant.
[Father Kelly] I remember.
Good. because you stood by me.
I was a scared 18-year-old girl
whose old-fashioned Italian
parents disowned her.
and I came to you.
I trusted you.
What did you advise me. Father?
You know what I advised you.
And I still stand
by that advice.
Like it or not. you
are and forever will be
a major part of our lives.
and that means something to us.
And we wanna get
married in this church
with you officiating.
I'm just gonna
have to pray on this.
[Gabby] Okay.
Thank you. Father.
Jennifer.
Take care.
Thank you.
[Jennifer] Gabby.
[sighs]
Do you wanna talk about it?
I'm done talking.
It's all anyone
ever does is talk!
How about some action?
I'm gonna go grab some things.
Is that Jennifer Ortiz?
Where you been at?
[Jennifer] Who's asking?
It's Vinny. but
you can call me
whatever you want to. baby.
Excuse me?
Where's your better half?
I say better 'cause.
yeah. that bottom
half of hers is hard to forget.
Oh. gosh. you're just--
you haven't changed.
You look nice.
- Excuse me.
- I say stand. baby.
Gabby. me. you.
we can be that unicorn.
Why don't you fuck off. Vinny?
Can I do that while you watch?
- All right.
- Seriously?
- Jennifer. let's go.
- Gabrielle. baby.
You always come and go.
- But when you come...
- [thud]
- [Vinny groans]
- Asshole.
And don't you ever
disrespect her again.
- Whatever.
- Go. go. go. go.
You two bull daggers
deserve each other!
Get a life. Vinny!
How'd that punch feel
in your face. Vinny?
You going to your
mama's house. Vinny?
Asshole!
Jerk.
[laughing]
Oh my God. that was amazing!
Oh God. what a jerk.
I can't believe you
had sex with him.
Oh. I was so young.
But Vinny is a disease.
Yeah. but I don't
wanna live my life
dwelling on regrets.
That shit will kill you. Jenny.
And. besides. after
having sex with him.
that's how I realized I was gay.
The way you put
things is so simple.
I miss that.
Yeah. that day. for me. was when
I told my dad how
I felt about you.
Oh my God. I saw my dad today!
It was...
You see him every day.
Yeah.
Yeah. I can't believe
you're really here.
Oh. Gabby. arroz con leche.
I haven't had this in forever!
Okay. okay. you
tell yourself that
for your holiday diet.
Okay. I'm just gonna--
Okay. well. don't eat it
all. it's for your father.
Just a little
taste. a little taste.
What has gotten into you?
[Jennifer moans]
Feliz Navidad!
[Jennifer] Hey. Papi.
This guy and me are ready to
feast and open all my presents!
Yes! Yes!
Let's eat. let's eat.
Yo te te queiro
tambien mi hija.
[Gabby] Probably
ate it all. though.
What. no!
It's so good!
You still. hands down. make
the best coconut rice. 100%.
Thank you. mi hija.
[Jennifer] Such a good job.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Anyway. you know. I
went to Father Kelly.
She was with me.
I told him he'd marry us.
Papi. you should
have seen how she
was standing up for herself.
It was so badass.
I'm serious.
I was standing up for us.
Yes.
More wine?
Papi. no more for you.
Your health.
He'll have water.
I got you.
Are you proud of me?
How I turned out?
Yes.
Yeah. but what if
I was to marry a man.
say. a rich man
from a rich family?
Todos quieren ser ricos.
[laughing]
Sure. I'm happy if you
marry a rich. good man.
But Gabrielle. she's strong.
she'd take good care of you.
You two always laughing.
Mi hija you are lucky.
This is honest.
Oh. no!
[Gabby] Yeah. now I know
why Jenny can't handle hers.
Bullshit. I'll take
his. thank you very much.
Thank you.
Well. I wanna make a toast.
- Oh.
- Okay.
You two are my family.
You. Papi. you have
been more of a dad
to me than my own.
Thank you for raising us both.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
No. no. no.
Christmas is my
favorite time of year.
Love. family. and good spirits!
No mas para ti tompcoc.
[laughing]
I can't wait to marry you.
I love you so much. Jenny.
-Salu.
-Salu!
[TV Reporter]
Reported comments by the Pope
could signal a major shift
for the Catholic Church
and its views on homosexuality.
A survivor of
clerical sexual abuse.
Juan Carlos Cruz. says
that when he told
the Pope he was gay.
the Pope responded.
and I'm quoting now.
"God made you like this.
God loves you like this."
For more. I'm joined by
CNN's Vatican correspondent
Delia Gallagher.
Way too much.
I'm busting my pants.
They're busting open.
Gabby. I'm sorry I
wasn't there for you.
I should've never
stopped talking to you.
Whatever.
That's old. we're past it.
It's not whatever.
can I finish?
Go ahead.
You know that
day that we fought?
[Gabby] Ooh. we
fought many days.
Be more specific.
You know. that day in December
when I wrote that letter.
Oh. that letter
where you told me
never to talk to you again.
You were so stubborn about it.
Yeah. I was upset.
That day was gonna be the day
when I told you how I felt.
and you just dismissed me.
[Gabby] I didn't dismiss you.
Yes. you did.
You are who I heard
in all the love songs
and who I got cute for. like.
dressed up for at school.
I mean. you knew how
important you were to me.
I'm not important
to you anymore?
Of course. you are.
It's just that that
day. the fight.
and you moved. and. yeah.
I've just waited so long
just to be true to you.
You have to be
true to yourself.
That's always been your problem.
Yeah. well. I was trying to.
but it was really hard.
[Gabby] Okay.
you wanna go back?
The only thing I do
remember you telling me
was to drop dead.
You have no idea.
Okay. I was crushed.
I was hurt. too.
You know. I hate that my
family didn't want me.
and then I come to you. and
you don't want me. either.
That was hard for me.
I moved west. by myself.
I couldn't even come
say goodbye to you.
How do you think
that made me feel?
The only person I've ever loved
pretending I didn't exist.
You turned your back on me.
[Jennifer] Yeah.
but you still left.
And I came back!
I came back.
No one's perfect. Jenny.
And. deep down. you
know what you want.
but you're shit
scared to say it.
and after all these years. it's
still the same thing with you.
You hated me. great.
I said I hated you. too.
We moved on.
Yeah. but why him?
Jennifer. if you don't stop.
we can't have our own life
if you keep mentioning
Vinny as if he matters.
It's late.
It's time for you
girls to go home.
[Gabby] Thanks for dinner.
Come here.
Thanks for dinner. Dad.
I don't wanna leave you.
I'm okay.
You go to talk to her.
Stay there.
Read it.
Out loud.
"December 5th. 1999.
Dear Gabby. I
don't want you to..."
Go on.
"I don't want
you to write back.
call me. or keep in touch.
You hurt me so much.
I don't want to
feel this way again
about anyone. even you.
When you see me.
don't talk to me.
You're dead to me. Jennifer."
Yeah.
I shouldn't have written that.
But you wrote it.
and you were honest.
[Jennifer] Yeah.
it was a mistake.
Hey. I'm not
upset. I'm past it.
And I respected your decision
until I couldn't anymore
because I love you too much.
Do you understand that?
Yes.
Good.
And that's why we're perfect.
because we know the
worst about each other.
True.
Still okay.
Yeah.
Come on.
It's Christmas. let's go to bed.
Yeah. I'll be
there in a minute.
Yeah. I'll be right there.
[romantic instrumental music]
♪ Oh Christmas tree ♪
- You still like that?
- ♪ Oh Christmas tree ♪
Can't sleep without it.
♪ How lovely are
your branches ♪
♪ Oh Christmas tree ♪
♪ How lovely are
your branches ♪
♪ Your boughs so green ♪
♪ In summertime ♪
[Jennifer]
I love how bold you are.
and how brave you are.
and you are...
you're more than
a best friend to me.
You've always been my constant.
I really appreciate that.
[Jennifer] Gabby and Jenny.
And... we're a family.
♪ How lovely are
your branches ♪
♪ How lovely are ♪
- ♪ Your branches ♪
- We've always been
Gabby and Jenny.
Okay. let's go.
Let's go for a walk.
[Gabby]
Merry Christmas.
Father Kelly called. had
to leave early for church.
Do not be late. and do
not wear my leather pants.
Don't be late. Mwah!
[bell tolls]
Today from the Old Testament.
according to First Corinthians.
Chapter six. verse nine.
"Or do you not know
that wrong-doers
will not inherit
the kingdom of God?
Do not be deceived.
Fornicators. adulterers.
male prostitutes.
sodomites. thieves.
drunkards. revilers.
and robbers. none
of these will inherit
the kingdom of God.
And this is what some
of you used to be.
but you were washed.
you were sanctified.
and you were
justified in the name
of the Lord Jesus Christ."
The word of the Lord.
please be seated.
Well. this is...
This is one of
the most damning.
hurtful. and misused Christian
passages in the Bible.
This passage has a
direct correlation
to the rise of gay
Catholic suicides.
People are dying from this.
This travesty needs to stop.
We can't change yesterday.
but today matters.
so it's going to be my decision
that we embrace equality
here at Our Lady of Hope.
and I must beg of you.
for the future of our world
and with the Christmas
spirit in mind.
to embrace love as love.
Love as love.
Surely that's what Jesus meant
when he said love
your brother...
...as thyself.
Love is love.
Is there any doubt in your mind?
So now when I call your name.
I want you to join
me at the altar.
Jennifer Ortiz.
[Mr. Ortiz] Go ahead. mi hija.
Felicia Shonday.
Beatrice Alverado.
Henry Janks.
Nina Silva.
William Catrell.
Gerald Solowski.
And Gabrielle Vernaci.
The word...
"homosexuality"
did not appear in
the English translation
of the Bible until 1946.
with a decree that barred same
sex relationships from marriage
and from holy communion. saying
they were a broken people.
I've counseled every single
person on this altar.
and I can tell you
they are not broken.
but the system is broken.
Now. please. take your partner.
and prepare for
the body of Christ.
Body of Christ.
The body of Christ.
In case you're wondering
what just happened.
this is the first
communion offering
for same sex couples
at Our Lady of Hope.
Congratulations.
[clapping]
Now. it is an exciting
day and a special day
for two of God's children.
Gabrielle Vernaci
and Jennifer Ortiz.
All right. let's begin this.
Gabrielle. please
take Jennifer's hand.
What?
My hand for what?
Do you trust me?
Yeah. always.
[Father Kelly]
Gabrielle...
do you take Jennifer to be
your lawfully wedded partner.
to have and to hold
from this day forward.
for better or for worse.
for richer or poorer.
in sickness and in health.
to love and to cherish.
til death do you part?
I do.
Jennifer. do
you take Gabrielle
as your lawfully wedded partner.
to have and to hold
from this day forward.
for better or for worse.
for richer or poorer.
in sickness and health.
to love and to cherish.
til death do you part?
Jennifer?
I do.
Oh. she scared us.
[laughing]
Okay. now.
[gentle instrumental music]
Exchange rings.
Now repeat after me.
Take this ring.
[Jennifer and Gabby]
[Father Kelly] As a sign
of my love and faithfulness.
[Jennifer And Gabby] As a sign
[Father Kelly] In
the name of the Father.
and the Son. and the
Holy Ghost. amen.
[Jennifer And Gabby]
In the name of the Father.
the Son. and the Holy Ghost.
[Father Kelly] And now.
with the power vested in me.
I pronounce you wife and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
Yeah!
[clapping]
And now our choir will sing
Hymn number 143. Ding
Dong. Merrily On High.
♪ Ding dong. merrily on high ♪
♪ In heaven the
bells are ringing ♪
♪ Ding dong. verily the sky ♪
♪ Is riven with
angels singing ♪
♪ Gloria ♪
♪ Hosannah in excelsis ♪
You look so beautiful!
Oh my gosh. let me help you.
First off. this is cute.
Okay. who planned this?
[Gabby]
Papi handled the reception.
He got a heads-up
from Father Kelly.
and then they sprung the idea
of a surprise wedding on me.
and I just loved it.
[Jennifer] Seriously?
Mm hmm.
Man.
Yeah.
I didn't get to wear a dress.
That's what you'll remember?
No. it's not
what I'll remember.
but. whatever. I'm
sure we can just take
pictures another time.
- Yeah. whatever.
- What?!
Will this work?
Huh?
- Seriously?
- Will this work for you?
Uh. yes!
Where did you get this. when?
I'll wait for you outside.
Wait. stand still.
What happened?
You've always
been so beautiful.
Thank you.
I love you.
I love you. too.
You ready?
- [cheering]
- [clapping]
[Mr. Ortiz] You're beautiful.
[clapping]
[Emcee] Ladies and
gentlemen. please welcome
Mrs. Jennifer and
Mrs. Gabrielle Ortiz!
[cheering]
Hey. you. hey.
you. come over here.
Come and dance.
[no audible dialogue]
♪ How could future me know ♪
♪ And. no. I won't let go ♪
♪ Baby. you should know ♪
♪ I care for you ♪
♪ And you care for me. too ♪
♪ All our friends
around and we go ♪
around and we feel fine ♪
♪ Heaven feels
divine with you ♪
♪ By my side ♪
♪ Oh ♪
[clinking]
Hi.
Most of you don't know who I am.
I'm Anthony Vernaci.
brother to the bride.
I mean. Gabrielle's brother.
[laughing]
You're probably
wondering why our family
isn't here to celebrate
this special day.
Gabrielle. our
parents can be scary
but they really love you.
They just have a
hard time showing it.
They just need some time.
I don't know what love is.
but you two obviously do.
So I wish you both well
and a lifetime of
pure happiness.
[Mr. Ortiz] And
to Father Kelly!
Courage. heart.
compassion. gracias.
[cheering]
Oh. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no.
[mouthing words]
Today was a big day for
our family and our church.
To love and all the
lucky ones who find it.
Having each and
every one of you here
to celebrate and support us
is something I'm
going to take with me
-til the day I die.
-[echoing] til the day I die.
Merry Christmas. let's party!
[cheering]
♪ On the first
day of Christmas ♪
♪ My true love gave to me ♪
♪ A partridge in a pear tree ♪
♪ On the second
day of Christmas ♪
♪ My true love gave to me ♪
♪ Two turtle doves ♪
♪ And a partridge
in a pear tree ♪
♪ On the third
day of Christmas ♪
♪ My true love gave to me ♪
♪ Tres gallinitas ♪
♪ Two turtle doves ♪
♪ And a partridge
in a pear tree ♪
♪ On the fourth
day of Christmas ♪
♪ My true love gave to me ♪
♪ Four calling birds ♪
♪ Tres French hens ♪
♪ Two turtle doves ♪
♪ And a partridge
in a pear tree ♪
[song continues. muffled]
♪ On the fifth
day of Christmas ♪
♪ My true love gave to me ♪
Looks like one
hell of a party.
See? A Christmas
wedding's kind of nice.
I know why you're
here. but. no.
I am not leaving.
Shall I remind you that
this is an alternate world?
In your real world. you're
soon to be married to David.
and you have an
intended life to live.
I know that. but
I can't just leave.
I'll decide that.
It's not real.
It is real.
My father's real here.
Gabby's real here.
It is real to me.
Your life has. at times.
been difficult.
and I understand because
I have always been there.
watching over you.
Jennifer. you should know
that I'm the deceased child
of Gabriel and Vincent.
What?
I don't understand.
Azrael Gabison.
Azrael... Gabby's son.
Well. if you're Gabby's son
then she needs to meet you.
[Azrael] No. that's
not how this works.
This experience was for you.
and only for you.
to live your truth.
My truth?
That I buried in 1999?
You have until
the end of the night
to make peace and say goodbye.
And congratulations.
Azrael.
Jennifer. come.
[Gabby]
Jennifer.
Jennifer. what are you doing?
Guests are waiting.
Um...
Who were you talking to?
Jennifer. why are you crying?
Gabby. I want you to know
that I will never forget
this as long as I live.
I can't lose you again.
I'm not going anywhere.
It's our wedding day.
Let's go in.
Okay. just give me a minute.
Okay.
Azrael.
Azrael!
Where are you?
You look so good
in that dress.
[camera whirs]
[laughing]
Gosh. who'd have thought
it. a Christmas wedding?
Yeah. and you're
my favorite present.
No. no. no. no.
no. you can't sleep.
- I can.
- No.
- Yeah.
- I don't want this...
night to end.
It won't.
We'll always have tomorrow.
Tomorrow becomes yesterday.
[Jennifer]
Smudge.
What's a smudge?
How long have I been out?
You mean when you ran
out of here after dinner
and snuck back inside?
That was last night?
Jen.
Where's your parents?
Back at the hotel.
Anyway. look...
I'm sorry I didn't
stand up for you last night.
I need to be more
supportive. I realize that.
My mother has her issues.
but that's her. not us.
You and I are starting
a life together.
and we. together. will
plan our marriage. not her.
And I'm all for getting married
however and wherever
you may see fit.
Really?
- Do you mean that?
- Of course.
Okay. good. then get dressed
and take a ride with me.
Where to?
[Jennifer] This is where I
grew up. my life before you.
Queens. it's like a
different world out here.
Only 30 minutes from Midtown.
Who would've thought?
What?
That might be one of the meanest
things you ever said to me.
"A different world?"
Not in a bad way. it's just...
we should come out
here more often.
It seems so close.
It's silly. all the
things that keep us busy.
[Jennifer] Yeah.
well. we're here now.
I just need to know.
Need to know what?
[Jennifer] Pull over.
- Why. hello.
- Hi.
Um... I'm looking
for Father Kelly.
Father Kelly
isn't here anymore.
[Jennifer] Right.
Well. I would like
some information on
a past parishioner.
Oh. uh. what is their name?
It's Gabby. I mean.
Gabrielle Vernaci.
It's V-E-R-N-A-C-I.
Gabrielle and I were
married. we were baptized
and confirmed here.
Wow. I can't--
This is. um...
That's me and that's Gabby.
I can't believe that photo
that Father Kelly
had is still here.
[Receptionist]
I remember Gabby.
I didn't really ever
know her full name.
It was very sad. her story.
Yeah. well. her
family never told
me exactly what happened.
which is why we are here.
I'm sorry. this is
my fiancé David.
Oh. hello. David.
[David] Hello.
I'm not sure. but I
think Gabby was pregnant.
and I don't know the full story.
All I know is that for 20 years.
no one has told me
what actually happened.
Well. Father Kelly
counseled her for weeks
to keep her child.
In fact. he even
arranged for Gabby
to go to a home
for single mothers
out west to have her baby.
You see. her family
had disowned her.
so she came to the
church for help.
Well. unfortunately. her baby
didn't have much of a chance.
She gave birth to a
stillborn at 29 weeks.
[Azrael]
Azrael Gabison.
Azrael. Gabby's son.
[Receptionist] And then she
walked through a crosswalk
and was hit by a car.
Witnesses said
she absentmindedly
had stepped right
out into traffic.
[Jennifer] I need
to find Father Kelly.
Sadly. no one's heard
from Father Kelly
since he was removed
from the ministry
for officiating many
private same sex marriages.
He was a romantic.
He even married my
wife Alice and I.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
I'm so sorry.
God bless both of you.
Young love is so beautiful.
I hope you both
have a blessed life.
Hey.
should I be worried?
David. I love you.
It's just that Gabby
was my first love.
I wish you would have met her.
I wish I could've
met her. too.
[Jennifer] David.
I just need a minute.
Sure.
- I'll be right there.
- Yeah.
I didn't think I'd
get to see you again.
I need your guidance.
Jennifer. are you happy?
Are you happy?
It's hard to be right now.
but I can be.
Okay.
I'm gonna give you the power
to make one final choice.
How do you mean?
I can take you back in time.
if that's what you truly want.
I am your guardian angel.
However. depending
on how far back.
I will never be able
to visit you again.
and I will cease to exist.
and I'm okay with that.
Would you like to start over?
Well. what about David?
[Azrael] You saw for
yourself. he'll be okay.
How do I know that for sure?
This isn't about him.
It's about you. your
eternal happiness.
Only you have the power
to decide your fate.
Trust your heart. and
it'll lead the way.
I wanna go back.
Do you know exactly
when and where?
Yeah.
All right. give me your hands.
Love deeply. trust your
heart. and be brave.
Say that back to me.
Come on. Jennifer.
you gotta say it.
Love deeply.
Trust your heart.
And be brave.
Now close your eyes.
Go ahead.
By the power vested in me.
[snaps]
- [acoustic guitar music]
- [no audible dialogue]
♪ This is the calm
before the storm ♪
Where are you calling from?
[Gabby] Okay. don't hate me.
but I got caught up.
Gabby. you promised.
I know.
We can decorate
the tree tomorrow.
Is he there with you?
Listen. Jenny. I
just had to study.
and Vinny's helping.
I made Christmas
cookies and eggnog.
I know you'd like that.
I can't always be there.
Just let me breathe.
Decorate without me.
it's not a big deal.
To me. it is a big deal.
♪ Won't get left behind ♪
But it can wait.
Are you sure?
No. but I don't wanna say
what I have to say
over the phone.
so it's okay.
Tomorrow. Be careful.
[Vinny] You good?
♪ Could you reel me in ♪
♪ Before I go
off the deep end ♪
[Mr. Ortiz] Mi hija.
you have a visitor.
♪ Could you take me in ♪
♪ I'm trying just to pretend ♪
♪ That everything is fine ♪
Here. for the tree.
You came back.
Yeah. I figured you needed
to tell me something important.
and what's that
behind your back?
Nothing.
- What about Vinny?
He tried to have sex
with me and I socked him.
I'm really happy you're here.
I love you. Gabby.
I really love you.
and. I don't know
how you feel about me.
but you should know that.
I kind of knew.
You did?
Yeah. I mean.
how could you not?
Can I kiss you?
♪ Picture calm ♪
[Gabby] All right.
let's do this tree.
Gracias. papi.
I see us having a
big Christmas wedding
with live music
and tons of people.
and I'll be wearing
a long. red dress.
You can see into
the future now?
[emotional instrumental music]
[Azrael] Love deeply.
trust your heart.
and be brave.
♪ I heard the bells
on Christmas Day ♪
♪ Their old familiar
carols play ♪
♪ And mild and sweet.
their songs repeat ♪
♪ Of peace on earth.
good will to men ♪
♪ And the bells are ringing ♪
♪ Peace on earth ♪
♪ Like the choir.
they're singing ♪
♪ Peace on earth ♪
♪ In my heart. I hear them ♪
♪ Good will to men ♪
♪ In despair. I bowed my head ♪
♪ There is no peace
on earth. I said ♪
♪ Hate is strong
and mocks the song ♪
♪ Of peace on earth.
good will to men ♪
♪ But the bells are ringing ♪
♪ Peace on earth ♪
♪ Like the choir.
they're singing ♪
♪ Peace on earth ♪
♪ Does anybody hear them ♪
♪ Good will to men ♪
♪ Then rang the bells
more loud and deep ♪
♪ God is not dead
now does he sleep ♪
♪ Peace on earth.
peace on earth ♪
♪ The wrong shall fail.
the right prevail ♪
♪ With peace on earth.
good will to men ♪
♪ Then ringing.
singing on its way ♪
♪ The world revolved
from night to day ♪
♪ A voice. a chime.
a chant sublime ♪
♪ Of peace on earth.
good will to men ♪
♪ And the bells.
they're ringing ♪
♪ Peace on earth ♪
♪ Like a choir.
they're singing ♪
♪ Peace on earth ♪
♪ With our hearts.
we'll hear them ♪
♪ Peace on earth ♪
♪ Good will to men ♪
♪ Do you hear the bells.
they're ringing ♪
♪ Peace on earth ♪
♪ The life.
the angels singing ♪
♪ Peace on earth ♪
♪ Open up your hearts
and hear them ♪
♪ Peace on earth ♪
♪ Good will to men ♪
I love you. Gabby.